Introduction:

Flow of money is essence of economy. Purchasing and  selling the assets is one of the common thing
humans are doing and always look for gold in this field.
A real time website serve the need of the buyer and seller such that it could connect a potential buyer
with a seller.

Property management is the operation, control, and oversight of real estate as
used in its most broad terms. Management indicates a need to be cared for,
monitored and accountability given for its useful life and condition.
This is much akin to the role of management in any business.


Property management is also the management of personal property, equipment,
tooling, and physical capital assets that are acquired and used to build,
repair, and maintain end item deliverables. Property management involves the processes, systems, and manpower
required to manage the life cycle of all acquired property as defined above
including acquisition, control, accountability, responsibility, maintenance, utilization, and disposition.



But the major problem with the websites is that there is no guarantee that the property uploaded by
the seller posses true documents and it is not fraud.

Our projects mainly focuses on this area and have a document verification phase such that only the
verified documents are get the view of the buyers.


Purpose:

Along with all the general purposes of the real estate management systems, this project focuses on the
security of the money, that is tries to make sure that buyers are investing on the property that is not
fraud.


Scope:

In 21st century with the advancement of technology, people are googling for anything and everything.
Real Estate Website has got more scope across India and worldwide.
This is because of the changing trends
It's a truth that people search for agents through online.
Also people are bored of the brokers who are making money our of nowhere.
Every thing is digital now. The old banner ads are gone now.
Hence the people want a online system that eliminates the need for broker and also provide a investing goal such
that the hard earned money is not ruined.


Hence our website is a perfect match for the current trends and have lot of scope.
